Marta Riesco exposes The Hidden Face of
Olga Moreno affirms that Olga Moreno has
many secrets kept that nobody knows
and that she has a cultured face that nobody
knows we always point to Rocío Flores
and Antonio David because they are Well that's the
most visible now that you have the
opportunity to express yourself What role has
Olga Moreno played In all this Vera
secondary or has she been making moves without
anyone knowing good topic good topic your
question to Marta how is it possible that you
are criticizing me saying that if I
want to be famous when you are seeing
that they have given me checks and checks to
go to survivors I have said no and I have
ended up with a dismissal you only have to
look at how many exclusives a week
Olga has done and how many exas have you done
that you have not done any Olga is better
advised than Marta 10 million times
in that sense I think even better
than Antonio David Olga takes better
steps than anyone everyone sees her
as a person who doesn't say anything who doesn't get involved
in anything that is like that not very
white and such and such and you  He takes you at
key moments and gives you pam pam pam